Under the News and Events section, I would be grateful if you could add brief mentions of the following community activities:

    a get-together with members of the Mauritian diaspora in British Columbia on December 31, 2025, and
    the celebration of Mauritian Independence on March 14.
(Many image that we can use)
----------------------- Next news -------------------------------

On Tuesday, January 13th, our President Padminee Chundunsing and Strategic Advisor Daniel
Paquette had the privilege of meeting Dr. Drishtysingh Ramdenee, Secretary General of the
Mauritius Chamber of Commerce and Industry, at the Anglo Mauritius House in Port-Louis.
It was a fruitful discussion focused on collaboration and opportunities to leverage the Mauritian
diaspora for sustainable development.
They also met with Amaresh Ramlugan, Founder-Director of The Corporate Leadership Center Ltd.
(CLCL) at Ebene Cybercity, Mauritius.

Image here
---------------------------------------------------

Another productive meeting today with Mr. Mahen Abhimanu Kundasamy, CEO of the Economic
Development Board of Mauritius, joined by Ms. Padminee Chundunsing, President of the
Canada–Mauritius Trade and Investment Venture, and Mr. Daniel Paquette, Strategic Advisor, along
with their respective senior teams.
We engaged in meaningful discussions to strengthen Canada–Mauritius trade and investment
ventures, focusing on strategic collaboration that drives innovation, economic growth, and
sustainable partnerships. This high-level dialogue marks another step toward building bridges
between our two nations. Together, we aim to create pathways for mutual prosperity and long-term
development.

Image here
----------------------------------------------------

This past Thursday, January 15th, marked the final day of our exploratory business mission, led by
our President and Strategic Advisor, and it concluded on a particularly inspiring note. We had the
honour of meeting The Hon. Dhananjay RAMFUL, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Regional Integration
and International Trade, where we engaged in meaningful and forwardlooking discussions that
reflected a strong willingness on both sides to strengthen ties, especially in the tourism sector. We
also explored broader opportunities for collaboration, including economic development, cultural
exchange, investment potential, and the creation of sustainable partnerships that would benefit
communities on both ends.
We also had the opportunity to meet with Mr. Brian AhChuen, Honorary Consul of Canada in
Mauritius, further enriching our conversations on collaboration, bilateral relations, and future
opportunities.
We leave this mission energized by the openness, professionalism, and shared vision expressed
throughout our meetings, and look forward to building on this positive momentum in the months
ahead.

Image here
----------------------------------------------------





